New Blog for Release KubeEdge v1.11 (#538)
kubeedge/website: blog/release-v1.11/index.mdx

---
authors:
- KubeEdge SIG Release
categories:
- General
- Announcements
date: 2023-10-25
draft: false
lastmod: 2023-10-25
summary: KubeEdge v1.11 is live!
tags:
- KubeEdge
- kubeedge
- edge computing
- kubernetes edge computing
- K8s edge orchestration
- edge computing platform
- cloud native
- iot
- iiot
- release v1.11
- v1.11
title: KubeEdge v1.11 is live!
---

> On October 21, 2023, KubeEdge released v1.11, introducing several exciting new features and enhancements that significantly improve node group management, mapper development, installation experience, and overall stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Jun 20, 2022, KubeEdge released v1.11, introducing several exciting new features and enhancements that significantly improve node group management, mapper development, installation experience, and overall stability.
```
There seems to be a problem with the version time here. We should write the initial release time instead of the patch version time, right? @Shelley-BaoYue

Reviewer 2: The first .0 version

Author: done
